from zero to trader in 30 days. We
already have the strategy. Now it's time
for live trading. At this point, you
have two choices. One, trade your own
capital, which if you have enough
capital, I recommend. Two, using a prop
form. If you don't have enough capital,
but you're serious about learning, a
prop form can make [music] sense. But
only if one thing is clear in your head.
You're not using a prop form to get
rich, you're using it to learn how to
trade at scale because proper
capital, but the real benefit is you're
forced to respect [music] tight risk
limits and you must include those risk
limits in your strategy. At the same
time, the downside challenges are
designed to have you lose.
>> [music]